`azurerm_log_analytics_workspace`: allow changing `sku` between `CapacityReservation` and `PerGB2018` (#22597)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/log_analytics_workspace.html.markdown

~> **NOTE:** A new pricing model took effect on `2018-04-03`, which requires the SKU `PerGB2018`. If you're provisioned resources before this date you have the option of remaining with the previous Pricing SKU and using the other SKUs defined above. More information about [the Pricing SKUs is available at the following URI](https://aka.ms/PricingTierWarning).

> ~> **NOTE:** Changing `sku` forces a new Log Analytics Workspace to be created, except changing between `PerGB2018` and `CapacityReservation`, but changing it to `CapacityReservation` or changing `reservation_capacity_in_gb_per_day` to a higher tier will lead to a 31-days commitment period, during which the sku could not be changed to a lower one. More information about [the commitment perioud](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/logs/cost-logs#commitment-tiers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **NOTE:** Changing `sku` forces a new Log Analytics Workspace to be created, except when changing between `PerGB2018` and `CapacityReservation`. However, changing `sku` to `CapacityReservation` or changing `reservation_capacity_in_gb_per_day` to a higher tier will lead to a 31-days commitment period, during which the SKU cannot be changed to a lower one. Please refer to [official documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/logs/cost-logs#commitment-tiers) for further information.
```
